Feature/m0078 ddg 456 UI pack 13.2.0 (#352)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MicroUI/images.rst

Images
======

Immutable Images
----------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~

Immutable images are graphical resources that can be accessed with a call to `ej.microui.display.Image.getImage() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/Image.html#getImage-java.lang.String->`_ or `ej.microui.display.ResourceImage.loadImage() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/ResourceImage.html#loadImage-java.lang.String->`_. To be displayed, these

> images have to be converted from their source format to a RAW

Reviewer: I would maybe add a little note to remind that theses images can not be modified like:
"As their name suggests, immutable images can not be modified. There is no way to get a Graphics Context to draw into these images."

   |        |         | output format.                                      |
   +--------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Mutable Images
--------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~

> Mutable images are graphical resources that can be created with a call to `ej.microui.display.BufferedImage() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/BufferedImage.html#BufferedImage-int-int->`_. 
> Contrary to the immutable images, the application can draw into the mutable images by calling Painter methods with the image's `Graphics Context <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/BufferedImage.html#getGraphicsContext-->`_ as the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike immutable images, mutable images are graphical resources that can be created and modified at runtime. The application can draw into such images by using the Painter classes with the image's `Graphics Context <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/BufferedImage.html#getGraphicsContext-->`_ as the destination.
Mutable images can be created with a call to constructor `ej.microui.display.BufferedImage() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/BufferedImage.html#BufferedImage-int-int->`_. 

```

> 

Reviewer: Here I would put a very short example of image creation and usage to demontrate the paragraph:
```
		BufferedImage image = new BufferedImage(320,  240);
		GraphicsContext g = image.getGraphicsContext();
		g.setColor(Colors.BLACK);
		Painter.fillRectangle(g, 0, 0, 320, 240);
		g.setColor(Colors.RED);
		Painter.drawHorizontalLine(g, 50, 50, 100);
```

Transparency
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The output format of `BufferedImage <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/BufferedImage.html>`_ matches the pixel organization (layout, depth, etc.) of the display.
The algorithms used to draw in such an image are the same as those used to draw on the display (for footprint purposes). 

> The display buffer is opaque, so the algorithms cannot draw transparent pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the display buffer is opaque, the algorithms cannot draw transparent pixels.
```

> Also, `GraphicsContext.setColor() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/GraphicsContext.html#setColor-int->`_ does not take the alpha channel into account and only accepts RGB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, `GraphicsContext.setColor() <https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/ej/microui/display/GraphicsContext.html#setColor-int->`_ does not take the alpha channel into account and only accepts RGB values. 
```
